Session 2 Recap - July 24, 2023

The group gets up from the night and starts to head downstairs to the Inn. They start to talk to the inn keeper and something seems off,
Bob casts detect magic and notices the same kind of runes on his chest as the other individual with runes on his neck. They press further and 
find the inn keeper moving into the back quickly. The group quickly finds the actual inn keeper bound and when unbounding the magic wore off and 
the inn keeper looked to be dead for some time. The group decided not to follow and get the guards involved.

An arcane user named Zehmar came quickly to investigate the situation and seemed very curious of the magic, and told the group to 
come to the capital grounds in roughly 8 hours or so. During this time a guard named Gan escorts the group while Hei is trying to flirt with him
the entire way to the inn keepers house.

Once at the house, they look to see if the door had magical means and found something around the door. Instead Borky decides to break a window
and start taking out the pieces of glass to get into. Hei goes into the house and looks around quickly not seeing anyone comes back out
and Bob goes into the house and over to the door. Bob opens the door and goes through to find that its a different reality where no one is
on the streets. Mara finally gets through the window and Borky gets stuck in the window. After some pulling and pushing the group breaks the 
window frame and somewhat cracks the foundation. 

After further investigation the group found trap doors and other traps that they set off after another and disarm a few. Upstairs, Bob and Nessa
step through into the bedroom to find they are now stuck in a different reality. After some time the group figures out how to get Bob and Nessa 
back and able to get them back into the same reality. 

The group has found documents, 5 boxes, and a book with a bloody hand on the face of it. However, all the boxes are magically bound and the book
is also magically bound. The group is now outside the house, potentially going to the market to get some food, or maybe something else happens...

The group shall decide!